I was wrong.
I missed it all
I will never do it again, okay?
Life and death
You and I can't change
Let me tell you a secret.
The aggrieved spirit you see
Not the former grievance
I see.
I know it all
It's all my fault that I used to be too self-righteous
I will never again
Never again, okay?
I don't blame you.
Yu Wenhao
Thank you for saving
If we meet again in an afterlife
Yu Qingming
Yu Qingming is not allowed to leave
Don't go
Chinese doctor
The patient has been in a coma for almost a year
Even his family is giving up on him
It's hard for you to be so responsible
Make time every day to look after him
Will he do it?
Qing'er, after you left in your previous life
I tried everything.
To be able to come into your world
Qiongbi fell to Huangquan
No matter where you are, I will always follow you
Protect you
Where am I?
Hospital
Am I dreaming?
Qinger, you are awake Qinger
friendly